updated lifecycle based on 10April2019 TAC meeting input (#14)
lfnetworking/process: docs/lifecycle/lifecycle.rst

+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------+
| Project State | State Summary                                               |
+===============+=============================================================+
| none          | Project does not exist or exists outside of LFN.            |
+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Sandbox       | Project is admitted to LFN but does not have direct funding |

Reviewer: maybe a stupid question but who/which entity is responsible to decide whether a project is admitted or not in LFN?

Reviewer 2: Someone will correct me if I'm wrong, but the board has the decision but has asked the TAC to come up with a project lifecycle and recommendations to the board.

Reviewer 3: The TAC recommends to the Governing Board. The  GB has the final say.

|               | from LFN.  The intent is to enable new projects to gain     |
|               | visibility and participate in the LFN with minimal impact   |
|               | on existing projects until they are ready for a subsequent  |
|               | state.                            			      |	
+---------------+-------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Incubation    | Project has matured beyond sandbox and may receive some     |

Reviewer 4: I think the consensus was that Incubation projects my receive funding, but not at the expense of TAC projects.

Reviewer 4: I see this is present below in 'Budget Guidance'.  Should we make it explicit here?

Author: Yes, I think we could make it explicit here as well

Reviewer 2: added in next commit

> |               | funding but does not yet have a representative on the TAC.  |

Author: ```suggestion
|               | funding (while not impacting TAC projects).  The project also does not yet have a representative on the TAC.  |
```

Reviewer: "some" funding is pretty vague...shall we have recommendations/rules to be more explicit here. 
Is there any board basic funding guidance/rules (even for TAC approved project, I assume these are Board decisions but I am not sure it is fully clear - conversation of budget allocated for project X on stat not really allocated)
Minimum or incubation funding would be maybe more realistic

Reviewer 2: I might suggest removing "some" as neither that nor "minimum" is very specific.  The budget guidance below just says not to impact existing projects and I'm not sure we want to get more prescriptive, since budget is the board's responsibility.

Reviewer 2: updated in next commit

+--------------+-------------------+----------------------+-------------------+
| From State   | To State          | TAC Review           | Board Review      |
+==============+===================+======================+===================+
| none         | Sandbox           | LFN Entry Review     | LFN Entry Review  |
|              |                   | Quarterly Health Rvw |                   |
+--------------+-------------------+----------------------+-------------------+
| Sandbox      | Incubation        | Incubation Review    | Incubation Review |
+--------------+-------------------+----------------------+-------------------+

> | Incubation   | TAC               | TAC Admission Review | TAC Admission Rvw |

Reviewer: is there any possibility to move from TAC to Incubation
- board priority review
- decrease of community activity (but still some => so no exit or archive)
- non respect of the criteria used for promotion (increasing overlap with other projects?)

Reviewer 2: Seems reasonable... are these the right criteria?  Who should initiate it?

Reviewer 2: Added an Incubation Reversal Review, modeled after the Archive Review

* What is the top level technical decision making body for the project,
  analogous to a TSC, to which the TAC should look for interfaces.

> Additionally, the review will confirm that the incoming project scope is within

Reviewer 4: Do we have a defined scope to apply this to?  Generally, I am highly highly supportive of this requirement... but it does require us having a well defined scope.

Reviewer 5: I think this a good requirement but the actual scope is a work item for TAC and Board - the strategic direction topic

Reviewer 4: @bdfreeman1421 I agree that defining scope is the board's purview.  I was curious if it has defined one.  If not, we should recommend it do so.

Author: Do we need to change the wording here or just make sure that TAC & Board work on a scope definition for LFN?

++++++++++++++++++++++

It is up to the Board to define its own criteria and process of the Board's LFN
Entry Review. Such review may include legal, trademark, and license reviews. The 
TAC recommends the Board make its LFN Entry Review criteria and process public 
and accept design input from the public.  

Budget Guidance: The TAC recommends that the governing board allocate no funding 
to Sandbox projects and that those projects cannot use cross-project funding

> buckets.

Reviewer: OK with that
we may maybe just imagine some indirect funding such as invitation to summits to introduce a new project

Reviewer 2: yes, and things like having their logo on marketing materials.  Open to suggestions on wording to that effect.

Reviewer 2: updated in next commit

Quarterly Health Review
***********************

The TAC should review all projects in the Sandbox state on a quarterly basis. 
The goal of the quarterly health review is to assist the projects in their 
participation in LFN and ensure the project's community remains healthy.

Incubation Review
*****************

> The Board and the TAC both review proposals for projects to advance to the 

Reviewer: 2 entities reviewing at the same time => no risk of desync?

consultative review from the TAC submitted to the board for decision is precised just after this statement. why not indicating directly here.

Incubation state.

TAC Incubation Review
+++++++++++++++++++++

TAC Incubation Reviews should happen before, and provide input into, Board 
Incubation Reviews.

Required Information for TAC Incubation Review
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

An up-to-date instantiation of the Project Data Template is required for an 
Incubation Review.

Criteria for Incubation Review
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Mandatory criteria for successful completion of the Incubation review is
the documented demonstrable progress since induction toward open source best practices. This would include but is not limited to contributor diversity and 
open governance.

As an additional (non-mandatory) guideline, the project should show demonstrable
progress in marketplace adoption.  This may be measured by instances of the
project in production or the project being embedded in other open source 
projects.

As part of the Incubation Review, the TAC should identify how the project fits

> with other LFN projects, including any overlap or harmonization potential.

Reviewer: not trivial...

Reviewer 2: It seems like the TAC should have a viewpoint on the technical fit of projects within LFN... think about the CNCF landscape (https://landscape.cncf.io) though much simpler.  Do you agree this should be a TAC responsibility?

Outcome for Incubation Admission Review
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

As an outcome of the TAC's Incubation Review, the TAC will provide the following
feedback to the LFN Governing Board for use as input to the LFN Board's 
Incubation Review:

* Summary of findings
* Recommendation to accept the project into the Incubation stage or not.

Board Incubation Review
+++++++++++++++++++++++

It is up to the Board to define its own criteria and process of the Board's 
Incubation Review. The TAC recommends the Board make its Incubation Review 

> criteria and process public and accept design input from the public.  

Reviewer 4: See comment above about recommending that Incubation project funding not come at the expense of TAC projects.

> criteria and process public and accept design input from the public.  

Reviewer: I would even put "strongly" recommends

Reviewer 2: done - in next commit

Disposition of Existing Projects
--------------------------------

OpenDaylight, OPNFV, FD.io, and ONAP are in state TAC. PNDA, SNAS, and Tungsten

> Fabric are in state Incubation (?).

Author: We need to resolve where the current non-TAC projects fall in the new structure.  Are they all Incubation?

Reviewer 2: put all current non-TAC projects in as incubation in the next commit
